-In this lesson,
we will see the different ways
to get help while using the shell.
If you are new to using Linux
and the bash shell
or if you are not sure which command does what,
there are a few commands within bash
that can help get started.
The first command is called "whatis."
This command
displays a one-line description
of what a command does.
This is quite handy
if you're not sure what a command does
before using it.
Most of the commands, internal or external,
come bundled with man pages.
These provide information
about the command in detail,
often with examples,
use cases, as well as information
about the command options.
Several commands provide a "-h" or a -help option
to provide users with the options
and use cases available in a command.
These can also be displayed
if a command is used incorrectly.
The last command on our list is "apropos."
This handy little command
will search through the man page names
and descriptions for instances of a keyword.
This is useful
if you want to look up all commands
within the system that contains
a specific keyword.
For example,
let's look up the keyword M-O-D-P-R using apropos.
The result prints two possible options,
the command modprobe, and modprobe.d,
which is the config directory
for the modprobe command.
"That was a useful lesson," Bob thinks.
"Another one to try out later."
Now, let's test the lessons learned so far
with a hands on lab exercise.